# FACTORS-AFFECTING-EDUCATION-DURING-COVID-19-USING-ARTIFICIAL-INTELLIGENCE-AND-MACHINE-LEARNING.
This study shows an intelligent method for predicting student performance considering dataset from Global University used Artificial Intelligence (AI) during Covid-19.

ABSTRACT:
The COVID-19 pandemic had an impact on many aspects of global economy, includes the sudden shutdown of educational facilities at several countries around the world. Most educational institutions have changed their online teaching and learning activities because of this abrupt closure, enabling students to submit assignments and complete assessments on different learning management systems from the comfort of their homes. During COVID-19, several factors will impact remote learning. The three primary factors are affordability, infrastructural and training.
	In this review, features are investigated and academic achievement of students throughout the pandemic is predicted using classification algorithms using Machine Learning. The key objectives of educational organizations are the achievements in their studies. In order to, effectively direct management, educators, and the government in the development and implementation of new educational policies, it is essential to be able to accurately forecast students' performance. Additionally, the accuracy of Random Forest and Decision Tree approaches was evaluated. However, an analysis of the correlations between the factors impacting digital education is performed. In addition to correlation analysis, linear regression has been used to determine the effects of infrastructure and affordability or training factor. Analysis illustrated that affordability had a positive adversely affect the training component whereas the impact of infrastructure is negative. Furthermore, this review shows an intelligent method for predicting student performance considering dataset from Global University used Artificial Intelligence (AI) during Covid-19.

CONCLUSION:
The purpose of this study is to better understand the key variables influencing the acceptability of digital education in the classroom during COVID-19. Moreover, the classification methods to data collected are used to forecast individuals' academic success during the COVID-19 outbreak. Also, the analyzed pertinent features that mostly contribute to the class label. In order to predict future student performance using this dataset, the Naive Bayes classification model is utilized after analyzing the AUC, ROC, and accuracy without feature choice. The two top predictors employing feature selection are the Naive Bayes and Random Forest classifiers.
	The results of this experimental study show that student participation is favorable, and that digital training is constructive and valuable, despite any technical issues that might disrupt and limit our capacity to participate in it during the COVID-19 epidemic. However, most participants agreed that due to various issues with the current infrastructure, engagement tactics, web information strategies, and the need for better information management, it could not completely replace the traditional method of learning. To manage the post-COVID-19 period, education sector stakeholders should develop strong mechanisms. Furthermore, there is a connection between the use of digital technologies for distance learning and academic achievement during the COVID-19 epidemic. This pandemic will also usher in a new era for online education and inspire greater faith in the system. 
Future studies can focus on expanding the recommended methodology to additional countries in order to evaluate distance classes for undergraduate students with respect to the COVID-19 outbreak. Research must be done into the benefits of online education as well as the tensions and fears that such pandemics cause among students. Researchers may also investigate deeper deep learning models based on feature extraction achieved by sophisticated optimization methods. The suggested strategy can be used by researchers to tackle more difficult optimization problems.	
The Study developed with the use of this dataset and its properties may serve as the foundation for future forecasts in educational settings and be pertinent to students' achievements during the COVID-19 epidemic.

